New Object Storage guide for Swift to S3-compatible object storage migration (#8514)
ovh/docs: pages/storage_and_backup/object_storage/s3_migration_swift_to_s3/guide.en-gb.md

> [!warning]
>
> OVHcloud provides services which you are responsible for with regard to their configuration and management. You are therefore responsible for ensuring they function correctly.
>
> This guide is designed to assist you in common tasks as much as possible. If you encounter any difficulties performing these actions, please contact a [specialist service provider](/links/partner) and/or discuss the issue with our [community of users](/links/community). OVHcloud cannot provide you with technical support in this regard.
>

## Requirements

- An **OVHcloud account** with access to both Swift Object Storage containers and S3-compatible buckets.
- An **OVHcloud Swift Object Storage source container** in your current Object Storage with:
    - Your bucket name.
    - Your associated user and password.
    - The associated region ID.
- An **OVHcloud S3-compatible Object Storage destination bucket** with:
    - Your bucket name.
    - Your associated access and secret keys.
    - The associated region ID.

> - An **OVHcloud virtual machine** with Rclone installed working as the management workstation in our scenario. To get the best results, within your budget, we suggest at least the following specifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An **OVHcloud Public Cloud instance** with Rclone installed working as the management workstation in our scenario. To get the best results, within your budget, we suggest at least the following specifications:
```
